use sourceEvent.currentTarget (#256)
d3/d3-selection: README.md

If *target* is not specified, it defaults to the source event’s currentTarget property, if available.

If the *target* is an SVG element, the event’s coordinates are transformed using the [inverse](https://www.w3.org/TR/geometry-1/#dom-dommatrixreadonly-inverse) of the [screen coordinate transformation matrix](https://www.w3.org/TR/SVG/types.html#__svg__SVGGraphicsElement__getScreenCTM).

If the *target* is an HTML element, the event’s coordinates are translated relative to the top-left corner of the *target*’s [bounding client rectangle](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/getBoundingClientRect). (As such, the coordinate system can only be translated relative to the client coordinates. See also [GeometryUtils](https://www.w3.org/TR/cssom-view-1/#the-geometryutils-interface).)

Otherwise, [*event*.pageX, *event*.pageY] is returned.

In the case of touch events, the coordinates of the first touch are returned. To handle multitouch interactions, see [pointers](#pointers) instead.

<a name="pointers" href="#pointers">#</a> d3.<b>pointers</b>(<i>event</i>[, <i>target</i>]) · [Source](https://github.com/d3/d3-selection/blob/master/src/pointers.js)

> Returns a list [[*x0*, *y0*], [*x1*, *y1*]…] of coordinates of the specified *event*’s pointer locations relative to the specified *target*. For mouse, stylus or single touch events, [*x0*, *y0*] is equivalent to d3.pointer(event, target). In the case of multi-touch events, the returned array contains a pair of coordinates for each of the touches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns an array [[*x0*, *y0*], [*x1*, *y1*]…] of coordinates of the specified *event*’s pointer locations relative to the specified *target*. For mouse, stylus or single touch events, [*x0*, *y0*] is equivalent to d3.pointer(event, target). In the case of multi-touch events, the returned array contains a pair of coordinates for each of the touches.

If *target* is not specified, it defaults to the source event’s currentTarget property, if available.
```
